README.md, before:

ODAS ![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-27707792-4/github-main?pixel) 
=======

ODAS stands for Open embeddeD Audition System. This is a library dedicated to perform sound source localization, tracking, separation and post-filtering. ODAS is coded entirely in C, for more portability, and is optimized to run easily on low-cost embedded hardware. ODAS is free and open source.

The [ODAS wiki](https://github.com/introlab/odas/wiki) describes how to build and run the software.

ROS: Please visite the [odas_ros project](https://github.com/introlab/odas_ros).

[![ODAS Demonstration](https://img.youtube.com/vi/n7y2rLAnd5I/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/n7y2rLAnd5I)

# Graphical User Interface (GUI) for Data Visualization

Please have a look at the [odas_web](https://github.com/introlab/odas_web) project.
![GUI](https://github.com/introlab/odas_web/blob/master/screenshots/live_data.png)


# Open Source Hardware from IntRoLab

* [8SoundsUSB](https://sourceforge.net/projects/eightsoundsusb/), 8 inputs, USB powered, configurable microphone array.
* [16SoundsUSB](https://github.com/introlab/16SoundsUSB), 16 inputs, USB powered, configurable microphone array.

# Papers

You can find more information about the methods implemented in ODAS in these papers:

* F. Grondin, D. Létourneau, C. Godin, J.-S. Lauzon, J. Vincent, S. Michaud, S. Faucher, F. Michaud, [ODAS: Open embeddeD Audition System](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03954), ArXiV preprint, 2021 

* F. Grondin and F. Michaud, [Lightweight and Optimized Sound Source Localization and Tracking Methods for Opened and Closed Microphone Array Configurations](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00115), Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 2019

Commit message:

Add cubic mic config but not able to track objects yet

README.md, after:

ODAS ![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-27707792-4/github-main?pixel)
=======

ODAS stands for Open embeddeD Audition System. This is a library dedicated to perform sound source localization, tracking, separation and post-filtering. ODAS is coded entirely in C, for more portability, and is optimized to run easily on low-cost embedded hardware. ODAS is free and open source.

The [ODAS wiki](https://github.com/introlab/odas/wiki) describes how to build and run the software.

ROS: Please visite the [odas_ros project](https://github.com/introlab/odas_ros).

[![ODAS Demonstration](https://img.youtube.com/vi/n7y2rLAnd5I/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/n7y2rLAnd5I)

# Demo with Azure Kinect
## Installation
Use install_odas.sh

Note: there is some error at the end when running npm install but it's alright.

## Run
```
cd odas_web
npm start
```
From the GUI, select odas executation file (in odas/bin), and the configuration file (in config/odaslive)


# Graphical User Interface (GUI) for Data Visualization

Please have a look at the [odas_web](https://github.com/introlab/odas_web) project.
![GUI](https://github.com/introlab/odas_web/blob/master/screenshots/live_data.png)


# Open Source Hardware from IntRoLab

* [8SoundsUSB](https://sourceforge.net/projects/eightsoundsusb/), 8 inputs, USB powered, configurable microphone array.
* [16SoundsUSB](https://github.com/introlab/16SoundsUSB), 16 inputs, USB powered, configurable microphone array.

# Papers

You can find more information about the methods implemented in ODAS in these papers:

* F. Grondin, D. Létourneau, C. Godin, J.-S. Lauzon, J. Vincent, S. Michaud, S. Faucher, F. Michaud, [ODAS: Open embeddeD Audition System](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.03954), ArXiV preprint, 2021

* F. Grondin and F. Michaud, [Lightweight and Optimized Sound Source Localization and Tracking Methods for Opened and Closed Microphone Array Configurations](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1812.00115), Robotics and Autonomous Systems, 2019
